hey guys what's up it's honey badger
tech and today would be doing a review
of the PS Vita
in-ear headphones these headphones
retail for $19.99 and so I'll give you a
quick tour that they look like up close
here we got the PS Vita logo you know
it's very shiny metallic here we have a
same color that matches the PS Vita and
we have the earbuds they come with a
back here buds right here and I have
like connector here is yeah built-in
controller right here umm has a mic mute
on or off see you can change it right
here either way and then on the back
here is the mic so now getting on to
sound quality for these they actually
sound quite good for a $29 $19 headphone
they actually sounded quite good here
I'll show you comparing to Apple earbuds
with the what the size of them is here
are the Apple earbuds yeah of course
they are different styles but
we go hmm you do have better sound
quality than the Apple earbuds yeah so
and they sound better than any school
candies um there don't they don't
overpower in the base their mids are
pretty well their highs are I would say
they're pretty good lows a great basis
even balanced tight and yeah these are
the PS Vita in-ear headphones please a
comment like and subscribe this has been
honey badger Tech and see you later guys
bye